Android Binder Example App
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


This directory contains the full implementation of a basic application for
the Android platform, demonstrating the basic facilities that applications
will use.  You can run the application either directly from the "test"
list in the app launcher (it is named ExampleUnitTest).

The files contained here:


AndroidManifest.xml

This XML file describes to the Android platform what your application can do.
It is a required file, and is the mechanism you use to show your application
to the user (in the app launcher's list), handle data types, etc.


src/*

Under this directory is the Java source for for your application.


src/main/java/com/vipulkanade/cmpe275/deepdive/androidbinderexample/MainActivity.java

This is the implementation of the "activity" feature described in
AndroidManifest.xml.
We have created a service with MathService.java which is located at
src/com/vipulkanade/cmpe275/deepdive/androidbinderexample/MathService.java

AIDL service has been defined in
src/main/aidl/com/vipulkanade/cmpe275/deepdive/aidl/IMathService.aidl 
A corresponding java class is generated by Android in path
build/generated/source/aidl/debug/com/vipulkanade/cmpe275/deepdive/aidl/IMathService.java


res/*

Under this directory are the resources for your application.


res/layout/activity_main.xml

The res/layout/ directory contains XML files describing user interface
view hierarchies.  The activity_main.xml file here is used by
MainActivity.java to construct its UI.  The base name of each file
(all text before a '.' character) is taken as the resource name;
it must be lower-case.


The res/drawable/ directory contains images and other things that can be
drawn to the screen.


res/values/colors.xml
res/values/strings.xml
res/values/styles.xml

These XML files describe additional resources included in the application.
They all use the same syntax; all of these resources could be defined in one
file, but we generally split them apart as shown here to keep things organized.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Copyright [2015] [Vipul Kanade]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.